# Homework 6 
**Deadline: 11/26/2018 5pm ET **

This assignment helps you review Trees in Python. **You will also practice running your own tests.**

## Instructions:

* If you are a student who is registered to this class, click on the link that I shared with you. That will create a private Github repository for you. Once you have that repository, clone it to your local by using "git clone".

* If you are not registered to this class, just clone this repository to your local.

* Create a virtual environment by running "mkvirtualenv hmw6_env". DO NOT BUILD YOUR CODE TO YOUR SYSTEM'S PYTHON.

* Activate your new environment by running "workon hmw6_env". If you use PyCharm, you should also change the interpreter to this virtual environment.

* You are supposed to modify the file "my_answers.py" in src/mypkg. NOTE THAT YOU ARE ALSO REQUIRED TO WRITE TESTS BY YOURSELVES IN THIS ASSIGNMENT!

* In order to run YOUR tests, make sure you have pytest installed in your environment. Simply type "pip install pytest".

* In your terminal, cd to homework6-YourGithubID, type "pip install -e ." to build your program. 

* In your terminal, cd to homework6-YourGithubID and type "pytest". It should run all the tests for this assignment and you should be able to see the output.

* If you are a student registered to this class, you can commit YOUR **my_answer.py** AND **test_binary_tree.py** AND **test_build_tree.py** and push it to your private Github repository. DO NOT ADD OTHER FILES generated by pycharm or your build. Travis-CI will run the tests you WROTE in your local in the cloud.

* As an engineer, you are responsible for an end-to-end process of submission of your code. Failures in Travis-CI will affect your grade even if all the tests pass in your local. MAKE SURE YOUR TESTS ARE RIGHT.

* You should see a green tick in your github repository if all your tests passed BUT THIS DOES NOT ENSURE FULL GRADE FOR THIS ASSIGNMENT. We will grade your tests as well.

* You can run "deactivate" to deactivate the environment and delete it you just created by running "rmvirtualenv hmw6_env".
